Project ideas:

Online store:
1. Track products in inventory
a. Name, description, category, quantity, current unit price, availability, provider name, provider contact number, provider address  … 
b. Can filter the list base on certain criteria (list products by a certain provider, in a certain category)
c. Can add new products
d. Can update the information of a product
e. Can change provider of a product
f. Can mark a product as not available
g. Track price change: for which product, original price, reason for changes, when the change happened
h. ……
2. Track customer info
a. Customer name, email, contact phone, delivery address …
b. Add /remove a customer
c. Edit customer information
d. ……
3. Track customer order
a. Who ordered what, when the order is placed
b. Price of each item ordered, and total price (do not need to worry about the tax and shipping cost)
c. List all orders for a single customer
d. List the most popular item been sold 
e. Show the most expensive item in store.
f. ……

Online test (multiple choices) facility:
1. User 
a. Create an account
b. Update his /her information
c. Cancel account and ask the system to delete all the related information
2. Test creator can
a. Create a test
b. Add questions and choices to the test, and mark the correct one
c. The same question can be reused by many tests
d. Assignment points for each question
e. Update questions
f. Delete a question, a choice, or entire test
3. User who take the test
a. Can see all the test available on the facility
b. See all the test created by this user
c. Pick the test to take
d. Complete the test and see scores
4. System will track the scores for all the users who took tests 
a. Display the test and score for a user
b. Display the highest scores and test for a user
c. Display the highest score and user account name for a test among all users

Shopping list:
1. Add/update/remove item to shopping list 
a. Name  
b. Category 
c. Price
d. Which store
e. Date 
f. …
2. Manage categories
a. Create a new category
b. Can rename categories (update all the items category related to the update)
c. Can delete category
3. List all the items purchased in a store
4. List all the items in a category
5. List the total cost for a category in a period 
6. List the most expensive item purchased in a period
7. ……

Library 
1. User can create account with the library
a. Update user info
b. Remove user account
2. Track books (title, author, publisher, publish time, description, number of copies …… )
a. Update book info
b. Remove book 
c. Browse books by title, author, genre, availability …
3. User can check out one or more books
a. Date he checked out
b. Date to return the book
c. ……
4. ……
